# CSE-202-Web-Application
VITA CARE HOSPITAL WEBSITE

Project Team: Chipp Inc.
Project Title: Vita Care Website
Project Focus: Healthcare, Web Technology
Abstract:
The aim of this website is to provide a flexible means for our valued patients to easily interact with their doctors so that they are available in case of any emergencies. We believe that having an online website where all the information to lead a healthy life and the means to do so must be ready just at the click of a button. We conceived this vision after a lot of thoughtful discussions amid the ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic that has claimed so many lives and destroyed families. It has also questioned the well-being of every human being alive by claiming victims from all age groups which proves the delicateness of our health and rises the need that we take extra care of ourselves moving forward. We have taken step towards achieving our mission by understanding the situation in the best interest of a patient who might suffer from COVID19 or either just the stress of contracting the disease. Our website consists of a home page and an about us page, both of which serve the purpose to introduce and place your trust in us. It will also have a news feed of all the latest news in the medical field and so that every visitor is informed. 
The website is also inlined with an authentication feature that includes the login page for patients and doctors(staff) to access the website and its services. Individuals can also register themselves on the signup page to become a part of the VITA hospital dashboard. Once logged in, there is a personalized dashboard for doctors and patients, catering personally to the needs of each them respectively. Patients can log in using their credentials to schedule an appointment with any one of our reputed doctors across various departments. They can also view their prescriptions and medical history. Doctors can update their patient’s logs in order to better care for them at the time of their next check-up or appointment. It also helps a doctor make better medical decisions due to the availability of a chronological report on a patient allowing a better diagnosis. We have plans of expanding our future into establishing the VITAO, an online pharmacy where a patient can buy the prescribed medication after a certified doctor verifies the requirement of these particular drugs. The patient can also pay for it online and get the prescribed medicines delivered at his/her doorstep in 2-3 business days. 

First impressions are the best impressions. We agree with that statement. Our home page is the first page any customer would see and it will impact how the customer views the rest of our website.
 So, we used HTML, CSS, and JS to make a stylish and easily navigable home page that has all the information and news one would need as well as all the important directories in the header so that accessing other pages would be efficient, neat and time-saving. 

